Program that we wrote will change input data, adding "?" instead of real data, signifying that data is missing. When program is run, it expects 3 parameters: settings file, input file and output file.

1. Settings file
Settings file is normal textual file that specifies behavior of program. There are three parameters to configure:
-seed <integer> will set the initial pseudorandom seed to specified value.
-attribute <integer> will target the desired attribute for data removal. If this parameter is 0, program will randomize which attribute to target for each line it considers for alteration.
-percentage <double> will set the desired percentage of lines to alter. Percentage should be in interval [0,1].
If a line starts with "#", it will be considered as comment and ignored.

2. Input file
Input file should be in .arff format, specifying all attributes with "@attribute" so that script can count the number of attributes, and data should start after "@data" tag.

3. Output file 
Program will copy the header (i.e. everything up to "@data" tag) and ouput altered data as specified in settings file.

Example usage: preparedata settings.conf data.arff out.arff

------
Using our program we generated several changed datasets. We used following parameters for generation:

seed 53784174	
small: percentage 0.1
medium: percentage 0.30
large: percentage 0.60	 
random-large: percentage 1.0

Dataset asmall.arff contains altered "Elevation" parameter in small percentage.
Dataset amedium.arff contains altered "Elevation" parameter in medium percentage.
Dataset alarge.arff contains altered "Elevation" parameter in large percentage.

Dataset bsmall.arff contains altered "Slope" parameter in small percentage.
Dataset bmedium.arff contains altered "Slope" parameter in medium percentage.
Dataset blarge.arff contains altered "Slope" parameter in large percentage.

Dataset c.arff contains altered "Slope" and "Eleveation" in large percentage.

Dataset d.arff contains randomly altered attribute in random-large percentage.

For this kind of analysis it would be useful to condense binary attributes into one singe attribute. That is why we decided to use a random-large percentage for the dataset d.

We decided to use attributes "Elevation" and "Slope" because they might be very important attributes for determining the appropriate class (this is only our assumption as a non-experts in the field).

